hi i'm rebecca i'm here with patty who
is it came for so that some production
at the arlington animal shelter patty is
a great dog she is super gentle really
mellow she's just super sweet we all
really love her here she gets a few
special needs so we're looking for an
experienced owner and she is
unfortunately not how street so the best
place for her is probably somewhere that
because is a single-family home with a
fenced-in yard and she's not keen on
other dogs so while she's great with
people and super gentle when it comes to
the dog she can be a little reactive on
leash so that's why we're looking for
someone experience you can continue the
work we've been doing with her some
behavior modification to reduce second
activity
so the other part of that is kind of
living in a quiet residential
neighborhood somewhere where it's gonna
be easier to the manager if you run into
another dog
as opposed to city
so she's this wonderful
a little bit of hair loss we've also
been treating her for mange which is not
contagious but it did skin condition so
that's patty we walk are we are looking
for a great home if you would like to
doctor please call us at 70 3931 9241
and just ask to speak with a member of
our adoptions department
so ready patty
you know